README.md, before:

### Hi, I'm Louis, aka Lord Baryhobal

I'm a young Swiss developer who makes lots of things (too many).

I like creating games in Python and I love building websites (full-stack).

Helping others is also an activity I enjoy.

---

**<{ Languages I have worked with }>:**
- French
- English
- Python
- JS
- PHP
- Java
- CSS
- HTML
- C
- C++
- Aseba
- Lua
- SQL
- Scala

**<{ Some projects I've worked on }>:**

_(in no particular order)_

| Name | Description | Languages |
|:---|:---|:---:|
| [My Maturity Work](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/5D_Heredero_Louis_TM2022) | my maturity work on barcodes, QR-Codes and Lycacodes | Python, LaTeX |
| [ProjeQtOr Telegram Bot](https://github.com/HERDAC/ProjeqtorTelegramBot) | a telegram bot to interact with ProjeQtOr | PHP |
| [Thymotel](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/thymotel) | a Thymio school project | Aseba, LaTeX |
| [Minecraft Computer](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/minecraft-computer) | a 16-bit redstone computer in Minecraft | |
| [Minecraft Computer (Datapack)](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/minecraft-dp-computer) | a Minecraft computer datapack | |
| [RIVET](https://git.kb28.ch/rivet) | a binary Register / Instruction Visualizer & Explainer Tool | Python |
| [BaryScript](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/baryscript) | a programming language inspired by Python and JS | Python |
| [Dragonfly](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/dragonfly) | an mqtt-like communication protocol | Python |
| [Snaildash](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/snaildash) | a fast-paced 2-player mix of Snake and Splatoon | Python |
| [Packetman](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/packetman) | 2D game with puzzles and parkour (school project) | Python |
| [File splitter](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/file-splitter-python) | an encryption algorithm which splits a file in multiple encoded parts | Python |
| [Binoxxo solver](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/binoxxo-solver) | a Binoxxo solver working with augmented reality | Python |
| [Monopoly](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/monopoly) | the monopoly game (with some custom rules) | Python |
| [Quarto](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/quarto) | a 2-player strategy board game | Python |
| [Skyjo](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/skyjo) | a fun luck- and strategy-based multiplayer card game | Python |
| [Stack](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/stack) | the Stack game | Python |
| [Sudoku solver](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/sudoku-solver) | a sudoku solver | Python |
| [Create mod pondering](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/mc-create-ponder) | the Create mod's pondering menu | Python |
| [Dickclock](https://dickclock.ch) | a very immature clock | Web (HTML, CSS, JS) |
| [Yalta Chess](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/yalta) | a 3-player chess board | Python |
| [Basic Computer Games](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/basic-computer-games) | remakes of basic computer games | Python |
| [ECI Morphing](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/eci-morphing) | Convex polygon morphing using ECI | Python |
| [Frachebourg](https://frachebourg.com) _(on request)_ | a site created for the retirement of one of my math teachers | Web (HTML, CSS, JS) |
| [Games](https://games.heredero.org) | a collection of fun web-based games | Web (HTML, CSS, JS) |
| [Build an Atom](https://atom.heredero.org) | a tool to visualize atoms with protons, neutrons and electrons | Web (HTML, CSS, JS) |
| [HERDAC Android Kiosk](#) _(not released yet)_ | an android kiosk app for an escape game | Java |
| [HERDAC RaspiCast Connect](https://github.com/HERDAC/RaspiCastConnectForAndroid) _(on request)_ | an android app to upload files to a RaspiCast | Java |

<!--
- [My Maturity Work](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/5D_Heredero_Louis_TM2022): my maturity work on barcodes, QR-Codes and Lycacodes
- [ProjeQtOr Telegram Bot](https://github.com/HERDAC/ProjeqtorTelegramBot): a telegram bot to interact with ProjeQtOr
- [Thymotel](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/thymotel): a Thymio school project
- [BaryScript](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/baryscript): a programming language inspired by Python and JS
- [Dragonfly](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/dragonfly): an mqtt-like communication protocol
- [Snaildash](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/snaildash): a fast-paced 2-player mix of Snake and Splatoon
- [Packetman](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/packetman): 2D game with puzzles and parkour (school project)
- [File splitter](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/file-splitter-python): an encryption algorithm which splits a file in multiple encoded parts
- [Binoxxo solver](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/binoxxo-solver): a Binoxxo solver working with augmented reality
- [Monopoly](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/monopoly): the monopoly game (with some custom rules)
- [Quarto](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/quarto): a 2-player strategy board game
- [Skyjo](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/skyjo): a fun luck- and strategy-based multiplayer card game
- [Stack](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/stack): the Stack game
- [Sudoku solver](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/sudoku-solver): a sudoku solver
- [Dickclock](https://dickclock.ch): a very immature clock
- [Yalta Chess](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/yalta): a 3-player chess board
- [Basic Computer Games](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/basic-computer-games): remakes of basic computer games
- [Frachebourg](https://frachebourg.com): a site created for the retirement of one of my math teachers
- [Games](https://games.heredero.org): a collection of fun web-based games
- [Build an Atom](https://atom.heredero.org): a tool to visualize atoms with protons, neutrons and electrons
-->

Commit message:

added HEI VPN for Linux

README.md, after:

### Hi, I'm Louis, aka Lord Baryhobal

I'm a young Swiss developer who makes lots of things (too many).

I like creating games in Python and I love building websites (full-stack).

Helping others is also an activity I enjoy.

---

**<{ Languages I have worked with }>:**
- French
- English
- Python
- JS
- PHP
- Java
- CSS
- HTML
- C
- C++
- Aseba
- Lua
- SQL
- Scala

**<{ Some projects I've worked on }>:**

_(in no particular order)_

| Name | Description | Languages |
|:---|:---|:---:|
| [My Maturity Work](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/5D_Heredero_Louis_TM2022) | my maturity work on barcodes, QR-Codes and Lycacodes | Python, LaTeX |
| [ProjeQtOr Telegram Bot](https://github.com/HERDAC/ProjeqtorTelegramBot) | a telegram bot to interact with ProjeQtOr | PHP |
| [Thymotel](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/thymotel) | a Thymio school project | Aseba, LaTeX |
| [Minecraft Computer](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/minecraft-computer) | a 16-bit redstone computer in Minecraft | |
| [Minecraft Computer (Datapack)](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/minecraft-dp-computer) | a Minecraft computer datapack | |
| [RIVET](https://git.kb28.ch/HEL/rivet) | a binary Register / Instruction Visualizer & Explainer Tool | Python |
| [HEI VPN for Linux](https://git.kb28.ch/HEL/hei-vpn-for-linux) | a script to use the HEI VPN on Linux | Python |
| [BaryScript](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/baryscript) | a programming language inspired by Python and JS | Python |
| [Dragonfly](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/dragonfly) | an mqtt-like communication protocol | Python |
| [Snaildash](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/snaildash) | a fast-paced 2-player mix of Snake and Splatoon | Python |
| [Packetman](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/packetman) | 2D game with puzzles and parkour (school project) | Python |
| [File splitter](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/file-splitter-python) | an encryption algorithm which splits a file in multiple encoded parts | Python |
| [Binoxxo solver](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/binoxxo-solver) | a Binoxxo solver working with augmented reality | Python |
| [Monopoly](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/monopoly) | the monopoly game (with some custom rules) | Python |
| [Quarto](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/quarto) | a 2-player strategy board game | Python |
| [Skyjo](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/skyjo) | a fun luck- and strategy-based multiplayer card game | Python |
| [Stack](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/stack) | the Stack game | Python |
| [Sudoku solver](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/sudoku-solver) | a sudoku solver | Python |
| [Create mod pondering](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/mc-create-ponder) | the Create mod's pondering menu | Python |
| [Dickclock](https://dickclock.ch) | a very immature clock | Web (HTML, CSS, JS) |
| [Yalta Chess](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/yalta) | a 3-player chess board | Python |
| [Basic Computer Games](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/basic-computer-games) | remakes of basic computer games | Python |
| [ECI Morphing](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/eci-morphing) | Convex polygon morphing using ECI | Python |
| [Frachebourg](https://frachebourg.com) _(on request)_ | a site created for the retirement of one of my math teachers | Web (HTML, CSS, JS) |
| [Games](https://games.heredero.org) | a collection of fun web-based games | Web (HTML, CSS, JS) |
| [Build an Atom](https://atom.heredero.org) | a tool to visualize atoms with protons, neutrons and electrons | Web (HTML, CSS, JS) |
| [HERDAC Android Kiosk](#) _(not released yet)_ | an android kiosk app for an escape game | Java |
| [HERDAC RaspiCast Connect](https://github.com/HERDAC/RaspiCastConnectForAndroid) _(on request)_ | an android app to upload files to a RaspiCast | Java |

<!--
- [My Maturity Work](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/5D_Heredero_Louis_TM2022): my maturity work on barcodes, QR-Codes and Lycacodes
- [ProjeQtOr Telegram Bot](https://github.com/HERDAC/ProjeqtorTelegramBot): a telegram bot to interact with ProjeQtOr
- [Thymotel](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/thymotel): a Thymio school project
- [BaryScript](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/baryscript): a programming language inspired by Python and JS
- [Dragonfly](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/dragonfly): an mqtt-like communication protocol
- [Snaildash](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/snaildash): a fast-paced 2-player mix of Snake and Splatoon
- [Packetman](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/packetman): 2D game with puzzles and parkour (school project)
- [File splitter](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/file-splitter-python): an encryption algorithm which splits a file in multiple encoded parts
- [Binoxxo solver](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/binoxxo-solver): a Binoxxo solver working with augmented reality
- [Monopoly](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/monopoly): the monopoly game (with some custom rules)
- [Quarto](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/quarto): a 2-player strategy board game
- [Skyjo](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/skyjo): a fun luck- and strategy-based multiplayer card game
- [Stack](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/stack): the Stack game
- [Sudoku solver](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/sudoku-solver): a sudoku solver
- [Dickclock](https://dickclock.ch): a very immature clock
- [Yalta Chess](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/yalta): a 3-player chess board
- [Basic Computer Games](https://github.com/LordBaryhobal/basic-computer-games): remakes of basic computer games
- [Frachebourg](https://frachebourg.com): a site created for the retirement of one of my math teachers
- [Games](https://games.heredero.org): a collection of fun web-based games
- [Build an Atom](https://atom.heredero.org): a tool to visualize atoms with protons, neutrons and electrons
-->
